"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength."
"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them."
"The happiness of your life depends upon the quality of your thoughts."
"Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth."
"Waste no more time arguing about what a good man should be. Be one."
"If you are distressed by anything external, the pain is not due to the thing itself, but to your estimate of it; and this you have the power to revoke at any moment."
"When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love."
"The best revenge is to be unlike him who performed the injury."
"The soul becomes dyed with the colour of its thoughts."
"It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live."
"Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart."
"Our life is what our thoughts make it."
"If anyone can show me, and prove to me, that I am wrong in thought or deed, I will gladly change. I seek the truth which never yet hurt anybody. It is only persistence in self-delusion and ignorance which does harm."
"Do not indulge in dreams of having what you have not, but reckon up the chief of the blessings you do possess and then thankfully remember how you would crave for them if they were not yours."
"Because a thing is difficult for you, do not therefore believe it to be beyond mortal power. On the contrary, if anything is possible and proper for a man to do, assume that it must fall within your own capacity."
"Do not act as if you were going to live ten thousand years. Death hangs over you. While you live, while it is in your power, be good."
"Think of yourself as dead. You have lived your life. Now, take what's left and live it properly."
"Reject your sense of injury and the injury itself disappears."
"The impediment to action advances action. What stands in the way becomes the way."
"Very little is needed to make a happy life; it is all within yourself, in your way of thinking."