"There are more things, Lucilius, likely to frighten us than there are to crush us; we suffer more often in imagination than in reality."
"Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them."
"It is not the man who has too little that is poor, but the one who hankers after more."
"Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man's ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company."
"To be everywhere is to be nowhere."
"A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials."
"If you really want to escape the things that harass you, what you're needing is not to be in a different place but to be a different person."
"Philosophy is no trick to catch the public; it is not devised for show. It is a matter, not of words, but of facts."
"The greatest obstacle to living is expectancy, which hangs upon tomorrow, and loses today."
"Life, if you know how to use it, is long."
"Difficulties strengthen the mind, as labor does the body."
"If a man knows not to which port he sails, no wind is favorable."
"As is a tale, so is life: not how long it is, but how good it is, is what matters."
"The fool, with all his other faults, has this also, he is always getting ready to live."
"If you live according to nature, you will never be poor; if you live according to opinion, you will never be rich."
"Associate with people who are likely to improve you."
"The body should be treated more rigorously, that it may not be disobedient to the mind."
"Reason shows us there is nothing either good or bad but thinking makes it so."
"No man is good by chance. Virtue is something which must be learned."
"A man is as unhappy as he has convinced himself he is."
"Excellence withers without an adversary."
"What's the good of dragging up sufferings which are over, of being unhappy now just because you were then?"
"To win true freedom you must be a slave to philosophy."